When I was doing my bachelors degree, I was a member of PDS A. And once
I got my g p a up. I was a member of psych. I, um In fact, I think
I might have served as, like, treasurer or something for psych. I I
think I had a like, a new officer position for that. Um, in my master's
degree, I wasn't really in, you know? I mean, I was a graduate
student, and all the graduate students kind of had their own little
like it wasn't, but it wasn't an official club, but we were just kind
of all in the same cohort. Um, And then when I was doing my doctoral
work, I was a member of the, um, psychological Graduate Student Society.
Um, and I think that was it. I don't think I did a lot of other
clubs